Harry Potter AI by jack-debug
https://www.jack-debug.github.io/harrypotterai/

10 samples at 0.8 temperature, trained for 7,000 steps on OpenAI's GPT-2

Note: The AI is becoming more adventurous here, the AI is making more adventurous predictions but not by a lot.
---------------------------------------------------
Inquisitorial Squad. 

“He’s on a roll, then,” said Harry, looking up at the 
same clock tower where he and Ron had spent the 
last week. “Cracking down ... letting off some steam ... 
look at him!” 

He and Hermione had been talking about doing more 
diversionary acts before today, and Ron thought it 
would be a laugh if he and Harry did it together. 

Harry and Hermione pulled off the cloak at the bottom of 
the tower and loaded the trunk with his school- 
bag, Hedwig’s cage, and all of Hedwig’s. Then they 
chilled their way through the deserted corridors 
toward the Fat Lady, who was leaning out of 
the portrait hole, watching them out of her window. 

“What are they all up to?” Harry asked. “Where’s 
Mad-Eye? What are they doing down in the 
grounds?” 

Page | 333 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“Finite business,” said the Fat Lady, and she 
disappeared. Harry went to pick up Hedwig’s cage and 
hug it, but Hermione said it wouldn’t do to leave 
her chained up in the dark; the moment he had 
handed it to her she flew up into the air, screeching 
that she was going to have a tantrum and would 
rather be dead than look at the place where she was 
sitting on the floor. 

“Well, see you later, then,” said Harry, entering the 
corridor and turning to see the Fat Lady bustle 
around her. “She’ll have us all out of here in a 
second.” 

She disappeared into the black mass of students 
moving slowly to the front doors. The front 
passage opened at last, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione 
dashed into the crowd to meet the ones who had 
gone to see Madame Maxime. The figure of the 
witch she was guarding came to light again 
and they all recognized her as the one who had 
escaped last week. 

“Welcome, Maxime,” she said, giving Harry and 
Ron a much-needed pat. “Welcome, to another 
erratic season.” 

“I liked last week,” said Ron, as they stood 
closer to Madame Maxime. “Uschi. Everyone 
clived to speak to you, they told me. And I’ll say 
this for you, I didn’t do anything special.” 

“No one said anything strange to me,” said the Fat Lady, 
and she turned and walked away, bowing her bustle- 
free right arm to Harry and Ron. 

“Good luck, everyone,” she said, smiling at them. 



Page | 334 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“Good luck, too,” said Harry. “Even Nagini’s charms 
worked.” 



She appeared impervious to his irritation. 

“I am not interested,” he replied. 

“I am not interested,” she repeated. 

“I am interested,” repeated Harry. “So are you.” 

“Well, have a lovely term,” she snapped, and she 
slid the door shut behind them. 

“I’ll see you at the feast, Harry, and some other people 
too,” said Hermione kindly, as the Fat Lady 
slipped out from under the caparison and drew 
herself up to the front, so that her bust of 
Mad-Eye Moody swung down over her head, to 
which she added a high-backed black velvet headdress, 
which, with its many elaborately scrolled gold 
flaps, gave her the look of a particularly grand- 
mother. 

“Oh, hi,” said Harry. “Flamel’s wife plays 
Falstaff, the wizard who gave us the time-turner, 
and I met her, actually.” 

“Why, though?” said Hermione as she
====================
 It is true, he was 
unable to recall what he had just seen. “I 
don’t know what would have happened. ...” 

“Did you ever think of another theory?” asked 
McGonagall sharply. “Is there one?” 

“Well, no,” said Harry. “It was just an idea, and 
then I saw this horsecarp ...” 

“You saw it?” 

“It — it was just an idea,” said Harry. “And you 
know what, I do know that it was just an idea. ...” 

He looked down at the spell for a moment, but 
before he could say another word Dumbledore 
said quietly, “You say that to your children? Do 
you think your wife understands what you’re — ?” 

Page | 107 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




“ — ?” repeated Harry, staring at him. 

Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. 

“Harry, I am going to ask you to please go and get 
garbage picked up,” he said. “The pick-axe is 
not suited to the task.” 

“Er — sir — no, thanks,” said Harry, still staring at 
Dumbledore. 

“Harry, I suggest you go and get your rubbish 
packed,” said Dumbledore. “I shall wait for your 
trunk, which I am leaving on the desk.” 

Dumbledore stepped back from Harry and looked 
away again. “Well then,” he said, “I shall go and 
deliver your load in the broad daylight, shall I? If you 
shall meet me in the hall, then I shall be off, shall I?” 

He turned and left. 

Harry watched Dumbledore walk out of the door, 
then turn back again, and disappear into the 
outside corridor. The wind whipped his hair into his 
hair, and Harry watched it fall. The distant sound of 
the regurgitating castle trunks echoing 
around the hall was like a blast of cold wind, and a 
glimpse of breakfast appeared on the corner 
of the pavement outside Dumbledore’s back door 
— he had just opened it, and the morning was 
over — but he had only got the message: “No, 
Dumbledore not here.” 

Unable to ignore the morning’s news, Harry 
watched Dumbledore regurgitate the name of the 
headmaster he had just gotten, and then, as he 
opened the next door, he saw again what had 
happened: That was the same morning that 
Dumbledore had turned up to congratulate Harry on 
his top pick-axe job at Doge. 



Page | 108 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




And now Harry was being told off for going to ask 
Dumbledore. 

“You will expect me at the headquarters to present 
you with your report,” said Dumbledore, stepping 
outside the rarely opened door once more. “I have 
answered your summons — and if you have another, I 
shall be glad of it too.” 

Dumbledore smiled at the reception he saw. 

“You will remember the address, I am sure, Harry. Where 
the headmaster is and the other heads of houses are 
departing from. The castle must be quiet for this 
period. Good day to you.” 

“Good morning, sir.” 

“Good morning to you, too, yeh know,” said 
Dumbledore, smiling. “I have just returned from 
your Castle.” 

Dumbledore set off down the corridor, and Harry watched 
him go, still feeling a mixture of dislike and 
congratulations. Dumbledore had apparently planned this 
occasion, for he had given Harry a set of instructions 
that he should seek out the people who lived in the 
castle, and persuade them to talk to him, through a 
clearly defined front, about what was going on at the 
time. Harry had just crossed the entry hall, up 
stairs, when he saw a sudden movement in front of 
him that caused him to jump. Turning
====================
is merely 
surveying it for signs of unusual activity. I am a 
little surprised you haven’t spotted anything, Potter.” 

“We’ve been looking for people who might be 
expelling students,” said Harry. “Who else is 
there?” 

“Well, Potter, we’ve got Avada Kedavra and Krum. 
Disappointingly, they seemed to be using the 
common room last time,” said Sirius. “I expect 
Avada was more intimidating.” 

“Ah,” said Lupin, “so it’s pure coincidence you’re 
on my side, isn’t it?” 

“Oh,” said Sirius, “one could almost say I’d 
compelled him, couldn’t you?” 

“Really?” said Harry. “Are you sure you don’t want me 
to finish off the job?” 

“Well, I don’t know that I am very convinced, Harry,” said 
Sirius. “I thought I knew the Death Eaters quite a 
long time ago . . . but as for finishing the job, I 
wouldn’t want to do it alone.” 

“I’m not a coward,” said Harry firmly. 

“Harry, you’re older than I was,” said Lupin, and 
Harry knew that Sirius was starting to feel a little 
ungrateful. 

“I am,” he said grudgingly. 

Page | 563Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




They had reached the end of the corridor to the 
Academic Staffroom. They pointed their wands at the 
transported figures, who burst into the staffroom, 

“EXPELLIARMUS!” 

Harry pulled back his robes to reveal the 
splattered, black-and-purple face of Professor 
McGonagall. 

“What are you doing?” she said sharply, and the 
dull, unmoving figure of Percy hit the door behind 
them. 

“Nothing,” said Harry promptly. 

“Look!” said Professor McGonagall sharply, and 
Harry felt his heart sink. She looked down, saw his 
scar, and raised her wand, but no spell came 
out, not even a curse. 

“You’ve got to get out of this house, Potter!” she said 
furiously. “You’re in more trouble than you are, 
there is a great risk of serious injury and your 
father knows it. ...” 

“Dad, I — ” 

“Get out, Potter!” 

“I didn’t do anything!” Harry shouted. He felt the 
Unforgivable Curses flying at him, knew he was 
about to be thrown out of the room entirely, and 
wanted to run but the hand holding him tight on the 
floor was slippery with tears, and he was powerless to 
move his arm — the hand was so tight he could 
do nothing. 

“It’s okay, Dad, it’s okay!” 

Harry felt the curse bounce off him and found himself 
again in the middle of the deserted staffroom. The pain 
was excruciating. He heard footsteps running up and down the 
inside of the wall he had just broken. 

... he had better get back upstairs and find his — 



Page | 564Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




There was a loud ripping sound and the door swung open. 

He stumbled backward across the corridor and saw 

Dumbledore emerging from behind a cabinet on the 
left-hand side. He strode forward and clapped Harry on 
the back as the portrait swung shut behind him. 

“Ah, Headmaster!” said Dumbledore, smiling. 

“Thank you, Master,” said Sirius. 

“You can’t stay long, Harry,” said Lupin. “We’ve 
got to go and collect the
====================
I won’t let you do it,” Hermione told him, as she and 
Harry climbed through the portrait hole into the 
entrance hall to find the Great Hall. “I want to know 
exactly what’s going on.” 

“How could you tell?” said Fred, looking at her with 
great surprise. “You wouldn’t tell us, would you?” 

“I couldn’t,” said Hermione. “So I thought we were 
sitting ducks.” 

“Oh, come on,” said Harry, now feeling a real sense of 

Page | 705 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




jaw of getting to the bottom of this, “we’ve been watching 
you coming back from the Forest of Dean for ages, 
we know secrets — ” 

“Well, you can’t tell us,” said Hermione, frowning 
slightly. “The others don’t want to talk to you, they 
don’t want to be rude — ” 

“The others?” said Harry. “Who are they?” 

“I don’t know, but I think we’ll be able to tell them 
something very useful from here,” said Hermione. 
“I think we and Dumbledore might even be able 
to persuade Orcus to join you and Dumbledore!” 

“Oh,” said Harry, who wanted everything clear 
away, wanted to start looking for the others. “Yeah. 
Yeah,” he said, staring at her, ready to do 
anything, but Hermione said firmly, “You can’t 
tell anyone, all right? Dumbledore’ll want you to keep 
it quiet, you know.” 

“Dumbledore wants to see you do anything,” said 
Harry at once. “And he knows I’m a danger to other 
people, because of what I did to that poor old 
bloke. And I’m going to try and put a stop to it from 
now on, everybody knows I’m a danger to the Order, 
so — ” 

“Or perhaps you’d like to start a diversion?” 
demanded Professor McGonagall from the 
staff table. 

“No, no, of course you can’t,” said Harry quickly. “I 
just want to know where the hell you are, and what 
your excuse is for not telling us is that you think 
I’m a bad person because of what I did.” 

“That’s quite all right,” said Professor McGonagall 
with a touch of sarcasm. “I neither admire nor detest the 
Dark Arts, you know.” 



Page | 706 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“Good. Well, I’ve been looking for all the chance I’ve 
got, the chance I can get with the others to stop 
something like this. It hasn’t been all smooth, you know 
— you know why I dread the day when you get a 
death sentence.” 

“You do dread that, do you?” 

“Well, Dumbledore trusts and respects him,” 
McGonagall reminded her. “And he trusts and 
respects you too, to a fault. The risk you are taking 
now, in the presence of those three highest magics, the 
safest place in which to work, I think that Dumbledore 
would have you working for him. I will say this, however, 
if you do not wish to continue working for him, you 
will have to go back to Hogwarts.” 

“How do I go back to Hogwarts?” asked Harry, and 
though his heart was hammering, his brain seemed 
completely focused upon the task at hand. 

“You will see.” 

“No, no, I don’t want to.” 

“But you mustn’t be stupid. If you die, I am everything you 
have ever known. You could be nothing but
====================
Is this the man who made a sudden, 
unfortunate appearance in your flower 
puddings last week?” 

“Thanks, Hagrid,” said Harry quickly. “What were you 
saying?” 

“You know,” said Lord Voldemort, his white hands 
trembling, “I’m glad you are back, I didn’t feel so 
sure about that place, the creatures it conjured... My 
fear is they were attracted to my current location, 
here in the forest. ...” 

“Gits,” said Harry. He was not, however, as foolish as 
he seemed to think, mistaken for a tarantula. “They 
can’t have been happy, could they?” 

Voldemort raised a wand, pointed it at Mr. Krum, and 
said, “Conjure True Patronus.” 

Krum exhaled slowly into the air and fell forward, 
as Mr. Krum raised his own wand, said, “ Conjure 
Minor Levicorpus\” and fell too. 

Page | 607Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




Voldemort walked slowly back toward the three friends. 

“Yes,” he growled, “yes, I’ve been having them again 
ever since my return to his secretary’s office. So,” he 
staggered back to his feet, his chest rising and falling, 
“I must ... speak to you.” 

He closed his eyes for a moment and then spoke. 

“I have long since learned to control my emotions, 

and will you show yourself, Mr. and Mrs. Potter?” 

“Er — ” The silence seemed to stretch on long enough for 
Voldemort not to say a word. After a moment he said, 
“Yes, Harry, I have — you see, you have shown me — ” 

The silence seemed to stretch on long enough for 
Voldemort to say nothing. 

“I do hope,” said Voldemort, and Harry felt the 
sudden thaw in the icy air around him, as though 
somebody had frozen solid beneath an icy surface. 
“Will you stand up?” 

“Er — yes,” said Harry. 

“Very well — ” 

“Very well, Potter, I’ll — ” 

“M-my Lord — ” 

“ — well, indeed,” said Voldemort, and Harry saw his 
red eyes widen in the unpleasantly brilliant light. “I am 
quite well, don’t you think?” 

“My Lord, I cannot say that I am pleased to — ” 

Page | 608Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




A strong wind had blown Harry’s hair halfway across the 
country, which made the rain-filled sky and the 
snowy ground beneath his feet slippery. Snow crunched 
underfoot like carats and on Harry’s feet, the hand on 
the wall grinding away as hard as a rock. 

“Do not forget,” Voldemort whispered. “Do not slacken 
your defenses. I shall be back at any moment. Take 
an act like you have never before — maybe even an act 
of daring like mine — and use your nerve to give me a 
little warning. You will need your courage, Dumbledore. 
And do not be afraid to use your wand. It is the 
new normal.” 

The wind continued to blow Harry’s hair, which grew 
thicker and thick. Snow crunched beneath his feet 
and his robes. He was swept from the room and from 
the scene. The storm that had come seemed to come 
from nowhere, but was instead a canopy of white, 
dappled snow that fell over the whole room and 

Harry was torn from the scene, spinning on the wind 
around him like a disc of light before falling 
like a white marble to the floor where he lay 
frozen and silent. 

There was no warning, no sign of an escape: Harry 
vanished from the scene, and the
====================
“Well, that’s always good,” said Albus as they 
left the Great Hall for the grounds. “Where are we?” 

“In the forest, Albus,” said Sirius. “I told you, Sirius, we 
haven’t got long. We’re going to take you inside and 
look after you. Don’t worry, Al, you’re not going to be 
tortured, you’ve got me." 

“It’ll be fine!” said Albus, but his voice was 
twanged with broken glass and a great gush of 
salt water pours from the sherry on his cheeks 
as he turned away. 



Page | 766Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“You can’t tell me you could’ve got in trouble,” said 
Sirius coldly. “You’ll get detention, you’ll miss all 
important lessons — ” 

“My mother’s Rule book!” said Sirius, raising his 
eyebrows. “I didn’t make a mistake, I was right!” 

“Your mother wanted to punish you really, really, 

I’ve seen it,” said Sirius. 

“My mother was a nasty woman,” said Sirius. He 
raised his eyebrows. “She never let me have any of 
the school sweets. She thought I hated them.” 

“But surely, Al, the food was really disgusting, 
you must have loved it!” 

“Yeah,” said Sirius, “I suppose my mother 
died to give me a taste of Hogwarts!” 

“Look, Al, look!” said Harry suddenly, and it 
struck a chord in Albus’s unnaturally cool voice. 

They were standing on a patch of seething, misty 
ground some twenty feet from the water’s edge. 

“What’s money worth?” he asked. 

“I don’t know, but it won’t tarnish my point that it 
isn’t right to take from the innocent — ” 

“It’s money that could be going to the truly 
evil,” said Sirius, and Harry felt a little sick. 

“You see?” he continued, “The protection Hogwarts 
Page | 767Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




has — what could be hiding there?” 

Harry and Sirius looked at each other. 

“Dumbledore knew,” said Harry. “He worked for 
the Ministry of Magic. He must have told Dumbledore 
something. He must have warned Dumbledore that 
something would happen if you didn’t go to the 
Ministry. ...” 

“Look, Al,” said Sirius, “everything Dumbledore told 
you, Harry, he trusted you — ” 

“Yeah, he did,” said Harry. 

“I know that,” said Sirius, a little defiantly. “But 
look, Al, what you’ve got to do is to convince Dumbledore 
that there’s nothing wrong with this car, and nothing 
more important than that to you than the chance 

Page | 768Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




of catching the murderer — ” 

“I’m not interested,” said Harry, “I don’t care.” 

“Then I’ll go and touch the ignition, Harold, right?” 
said Sirius before Harry could retort. “If you want to 
touch it, all right, but not to — well, touch it\” 

He looked down at the cold steel-gray engine and then 
said, “That’s right, Al. I don’t care. How do I look?” 

Harry listened again for his mother’s voice, but all 

he could hear was the creaking of the old tree on the 
least hospitable ground. 

====================
“Come,” said Harry aloud to no one in particular. 

“I don’t — ” 

“I know, don’t you?” 

“But you can’t go,” said Harry, looking up. 

“I — oh, no, I can’t — ” 

He was unsuccessful. 

“NOW!” 

Harry stood for a moment gazing at the closed door. 
Then he slammed it shut. He had no wish to leave 
the Dursleys forever; he could not live with the 
Dursleys if he had to. 

“I — I don’t — ” 

“I know, Harry, go!” shouted Aunt Petunia, looking 
thoroughly relieved. “Now, really, this can wait, we 
haven’t seen the end of it yet, we haven’t got to go 
anymore!” 

Page | 19 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




The Dursleys nearly fell over in horror. The horrible 
idea of this little party had sunk, if they had known 
about it before now, they would have had the 
sick joke within an hour. Harry turned on the 
jump and headed down the corridor, the Dursleys 
wiping their sweaty brows with their eyes closed. 

“Where’s the fun, then?” shouted Uncle Vernon, 
standing up and glaring at Harry. “Where’s the 
fun? Where’s the fun? Why don’t you get out of 
trying to get expelled? You think your father’s 
cool, you’ve got the father’s taste — ” 

“Leave me out of it, Dad!” barked Uncle Vernon. “I’m 
not interested in seeing you laugh at my son!” 

Vernon Dursley advanced toward Harry without another 
word and Harry dodged around him. The Dursleys 
were shrieking and ducking all over the place, 
Soaring down through the corridors and barely 
missing their own feet. Harry walked toward them 
without looking back and . . . 

“Stop it!” bellowed Uncle Vernon. “Leave me 
alone!” 

But he didn’t speak. His fists were clenched, his 
face was contorted with rage. 

“C-C-come on\” 

Harry tripped over one of the fallen 
squashy blocks and fell flat on his back. 

“What was the point, what was the point of all this?” 

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia stared at him. 
Harry tried to raise his shoulders but there was no 
response. 

“Get up, stand aside, Harry!” bellowed Uncle Vernon. 



Page | 20 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




Harry stood where he stood: Petunia and Dudley 
waiting beside him, clutching at his arms. The 
Dursleys whirled about, hooting with laughter, and 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia laughed 
harder than anybody. However, Harry did not laugh 
harder. There was a pause while the Dursleys and 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia reeled in the 
gifts they had received. Then Uncle Vernon said, 
“You know, Harry, I’d give anything for a confession 

Page | 21 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - J.K. Rowling 




from you.” 

“So?” 

Harry looked at him. He could tell that he was not happy 
or that he was sorry. He stood there in the 
hostages, staring at him, waiting. 

“I was trying to find out where you went once you got 
out of the hospital wing,” said Uncle Vernon, perking 
up at once. “Do you know, that’s the one thing I 
dares you to ask, right up until now, Harry?” 

“No,” said Harry. 

“Do you want to talk to me, then?”
====================
“Come on,” Teddy said, and with a quick flick of his 
wand, he threw himself onto the sofa beside Harry. 

“I knew it was this sort of thing, I told you, I thought it 
was a prank after my first year. See what I think?” 

“You know I don’t think it was a prank, you just think it 
would have been,” said Harry dismissively, “because 
you’ll have told Professor McGonagall to get a load 
of hatches, she’s had it coming off for weeks now, 
you know,” he added to Ron as they sat down at 
the Gryffindor table. 

“Well, it’s not like we were going to get a load of 
hats, is it?” said Ron darkly. “Not unless you can 
prove you were being stupid. Not unless you can 
prove that you did it for the best.” 

“Well, no,” Hermione snapped, “if you know the hat 
can do it for both of us, why can’t you?” 

Page | 373Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“Who cares?” asked Harry at once. “Who cares 
what you’re trying to tell us, do you?” 

They were sitting beside each other in the only 
personal area outside the school kitchens now. 

“I think it’d be a bit rude of me not to,” said Ron. 

“I don’t care,” Hermione snapped, “you’re being 
ridiculous, you can’t do it anywhere else, it’s 
just not safe to do it in here.” 

Harry laughed, but could not suppress a small knot of 
people around him. 

“Don’t worry,” he said, “I know, I can fix it, I’ve 
tested it all over and it’s working perfectly fine.” 

“We’re all disappointed,” said Hermione, more loudly 
than she had intended, while Harry tried to 
ignore her. 

“I’m just telling people to shut up for a change, that’s 
all!” 

Harry laughed again, but it made no difference; 

Ron and Hermione were both staring at him. 

“What’s the new password again?” he asked Ron. 

“Er — ‘wattlebird’ — ” 

“Oh come on,” said Ron, looking rather taken 
aback, “what are you going to — ?” 

“fix it?” said Hermione at once. 

“I — I know how to fix it,” said Harry. “How d’you 
know the new password?” 



Page | 374Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“Well then, I can’t really blame you,” said Ron. 



“No, I wasn’t going to use the old one,” said Harry, 
and the two of them sat down together again and 
ran down to the Great Hall. The last thing they 
wanted to do was get into a fight. 

“It’s not your fault,” Hermione told Harry over 
a loud guffaw from Ron. “You just need a bit of 
practice. And I’m telling you now, if you don’t work 
hard and fast, your techniques aren’t going to be as 
good as you think they are.” 

“That’s right,” said Harry, “I’ve got no problem with 
techniques that aren’t as good as your guess anyway.” 

“Because — ” 

“Because you’re not clever, and I know I’m not 
clever either.” 

“You just need a bit of practice,” Hermione repeated, 
and Harry knew she was getting annoyed with Ron but 
thought it perfectly well to say
====================
brambles herself a glass of eggnog, so she 
could watch Harry riffling through the long- 
fingered hands. 

“Solstice Wine,” Harry said, handing it around. 
“Darling Christmas, Solstice.” 

The year before Harry had won his second bottle of 
wine. He knew he would never go back to 
drinking sherry again, but he didn’t care. He was 

Page | 430 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




seeing Ibby once more and everything would be just 
as confusing as it always had been. 

The summer brought Harry another unexpected 
surprise. He had received, from the great 
saintly forest in the state of Pennsylvania, a week’s 
instructions from a wizard he hardly knew named 
 ... and now he found himself sitting on a bench 
outside the Hogwarts library, looking up 
get past the timetables. It was the usual, dull Friday, 
and Professor McGonagall’s Potions lesson was 
to be moved up the grounds, so that Harry could 
attend the O.W.L. tomorrow. 

This did not add up to one hell of a trip. Harry 
would leave Hogwarts next morning with nothing but a 
thorough sense of gloom in his stomach. He had 
been to the O.W.L., after all, so far in his new 
O.W.L. years would he have a decent shot at 
succeeding the rest of the students? Still, this 
meant that tomorrow might be a bit of a 
getaway from the Dursleys, who would, after all, be 
seeing their child for the first time in their 
memories. 

“I think I will just have a quick word with you before I 
leave,” said Professor McGonagall, a slightly 
hushed voice breaking the silence. “Then I shall be 
off. Well ... good luck.” 

And she waved. 

Harry went back to the Dursleys’ and set off for 
the train to Number Four, which was a short ride 
away from the one-hundred-and-fifty-seventh- 
floor landing in London. He had forgotten, or at least 
didn’t care, that the Dursleys hated the O.W.L. 

Page | 431 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




He had been rather lucky this time; He had met 
Professor McGonagall, and was in much easier 
trouble than he had expected, because he had 
Arrived at the right station, and she was not to 
dare speak to him that way again. As he and 
Dudley went through the metal detectors he felt 
a little jolt of excitement, but all that night he had 
been dreading was the day when Aunt Petunia, 

the Dursleys’ cat, would wake up to find him in the 
kitchen in the living room. 

The train slowed, the windows were lit with the 
same lamps he had found in his cupboard 
under the stairs, and he helped himself to 
pump juice as he mounted his broomstick. By the 
time he got to the lift he found it empty except for one 
giant who stood before him, hunched and 
shaking. 

“It’s Arnie!” said Harry, grinning at the sight of the 
legendary red and gold bird. “A very old bird indeed. 

It’s been following me all the way from Hungary. Arnie 
had to take the load off his broomstick for the 
Dursleys.” 

“What is it with Arnie?” asked the old man, with a slight 
edge to his voice. “Not singing?” 

“I’ve given him a voice,” said Harry, delighted. 

“And you take the load off?” 

“Well, I do, but it’s not really music, is it?” 

“No, it’s just — ” 

“No, it’s just — ” 

“I feel I ought to tell you something nice he told me 
about you, Arnie
====================
McGonagall was looking at Harry again. 

“Yes,” she said, with another bite of sarcasm, “the 
Ministry’s waiting for an invitation. I expect you’ll 
appear, Potter, at the Yule Ball. You are quite the 
celebrity, aren’t you?” 

Page | 743Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“Er — yes,” said Harry. 

“Well, that is certainly true,” sneered Professor 
McGonagall. “Molly and I have got her number, 
and we’ll call you when the ball’s over.” 

“Er — right,” said Harry, again using an odd 
temper, as though he was anticipating a lecture. 
“Well, if you know where we are going, let’s go . . . 
and don’t forget to keep your quill in your office, it’s 
a place I wouldn’t want in my office at all...” 

“I was just wondering,” whispered Professor 
McGonagall, now turning her back on Harry again 
and leading the way back to the door, “what would 
take you to the ball?” 

“Er — well — I was thinking — ” said Harry. 

“Ah, Harry, you think I don’t know?” sniggered 
Professor McGonagall. “Yes you do. . . . I have your 
rodehome, which I have already stripped down to its 
basics — ” 

“What do you mean?” 

“Well, I have a fabled wand which I’ve been keeping 
safely hidden away for a century. Naturally, it is 
tempted to tempt those who wish to use it for 
their own ends, but I have guards around the wands I 
have created over that time — ” 

“Why did you decide to strip my room down to its 
basics?” blurted Harry. 

“I thought,” said Professor McGonagall, her ears 
rows, “ it might be easier to spot what you are ignoring. 

Page | 744Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




First, however, you must remember that the Triwizard 
Hall is a hall of enchantment, and any magical 
object that might conceivably appear in one of the 
rooms ahead will be a sure sign that they have 
attracted the attention of your enemies.” 

“But ... I don’t understand,” said Harry. 

“All you need to know,” she told him firmly, “is that 
the object in question has been enchanted.” 

“How do you know about that?” 

“Well, you know that I have, at this very moment, an 
encouragement from the Ministry of Magic,” said 
Professor McGonagall. “And while the possessor is 
likely to wish to remain hidden while the enchanted 
object is in place, the necessary precaution is taken to 
keep the object from being exposed in the open.” 

“You’re the Minister of Magic?” 

“Oh yes, I fill that role,” said Professor 
McGonagall. “I see the Hall of Prophecy regularly, 
Harry. I was just wondering whether it might be a 
time for you to apply for the Hilltop job.” 

“Yeah ... right,” said Harry, “I was thinking ... you 
know I was thinking ... but I think I know how they’re 
going to pull the plug on me before I — ” 

“Do not lie!” shrieked Professor McGonagall. “You are 
dying to protect Voldemort!” 

Page | 745Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“Look, you know I’m not siding with her, McGonagall, 
and I just don’t agree with her,” said Harry, “so you 
just say you’re going to
====================
