Harry Potter AI by jack-debug
https://www.jack-debug.github.io/harrypotterai/

10 samples at 0.7 temperature, trained for 7,000 steps on OpenAI's GPT-2

Note: This is the basic generation. The default temperature (how crazy the text the AI makes) is 0.7 so the AI is making safer predictions.
---------------------------------------------------
“But then, you know,” said Dumbledore, “you needn’t 
know anything about the Sorcerer’s Stone to get started, 
Harry. The information is out there, don’t you think?” 

“Is it?” 

“Yes, it is,” said Dumbledore. “And it is a question 
how well you discover it. Here, little boy, here we go: 
Let’s get to bed.” 

“No, sir, I want to know how you found out about 
the Stone,” Harry said. “We need to keep this 
honest, Dumbledore.” 

“I was starting to think you would, Harry,” said 
Dumbledore, with a slight smile. “Well, if you have 
never been taunted, you will be surprised to hear 
what I have to say. I have had a number of 
victims who have come to me for the Stone, but 
they have all claimed that they were acting on 
their behalf, and I have no proof at all that the 
Stone was ever offered to them.” 

Harry winced. 

Page | 474 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




“I should think you had better not tell the 
others that the Stone is a lie,” said Dumbledore. 

“I won’t,” said Harry fiercely. “Dumbledore’s right, I am 
not telling anyone that the Stone is a lie. But — ” 

“You’re not arguing with me, are you?” said 
Dumbledore gently, as though he were a teacher 
teaching a recess. “Perhaps you are afraid that 
some of the others might try to take the 
Stone for you if you remain silent?” 

“No, no, not at all!” said Harry. “I know that the 
Stone is a lie, I just don’t know how well it’s a 
dangers-from-scratch thing to believe.” 

“Well, then, you will have to tell others, Harry,” said 
Dumbledore. “You will have to tell people who 
believe, Harry, that there is such a thing as a 
dangers-from-scratch thing, and that you must not 
blame them if they catch you cheating!” 

“Er — right,” said Harry, feeling both humiliated and 
embarrassed. “Yeah ... thanks, Dad.” 

“And you must tell them that I have written about the 
Stone in the Daily Prophet, Harry, and not merely 
in passing,” said Dumbledore. “The Stone, in 
fact, will be your friend in the end. And I think, if 
you are going to do it, by all means, but I think it 
would be prudent to guard it carefully.” 

Page | 475 Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling 




“Right,” said Harry again, aware that he had once 
expelled a teacher for doing something that he had 
never done before and painfully aware that he had once 
inadvertently upset a teacher. 

“Don’t worry, Harry,” said Dumbledore, “there’s 
nothing to worry about.” 

“It’s just — ” 

“It was just my fault,” said Harry, and he used both 
of his fists to punch Dumbledore hard in the face. 

“Don’t apologize,” said Dumbledore, with a little smile 
on his face. “I was only teasing.” 

“No,” said Harry, whose anger was now so strong that 
he was willing to punch anyone who looked at him 
with malicious intent. “No, it wasn’t. But I’d still like 
to know how you came by that Stone, Dumbledore.” 

He could see the small smile twisting Dumbledore ’s face 
as he stretched out his hand in answer. 

“Yes,” said Dumbledore, “a very interesting story, 
Harry, I must say.” 

“Where?
====================
The twins’ house 
was in the very heart of London. The front door 
stood ajar, and on the second floor a long corridor 
led to a series of wooden chairs arranged in a 
straight line, their occupants sleeping in rows. A 
sallow-faced man was holding an old-fashioned 
wool hat in his hand and peering down at them 
scowlingly. 

“If they’re suffering,” said the man, looking 
suspiciously out of the window at the darkening 
streaks on the horizon, “it’s not a good sign for the 
international 

Page | 113 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




coalition.” 



“What are you talking about, sir?” asked Harry, 
trying to avoid the man’s eye. 

“Remember, Harry,” said the man, his eyes now 
twinkling, “the man’s out-of-bounds. If I hear 
you’re using the Cloak again I’ll know you haven’t 
wanted help from a friend.” 

“I don’t need help from a friend!” said Harry 
stubbornly. 

“I hear you also happen to be a parselmouth,” said 
the balding man. “Take the cloak, please.” 

Harry complied with the man’s odd addition of 
cloak and scarf, which he had not been 
busy explaining to Hermione. He took off the 
most of the man’s wizard’s hats and threw 
them over his head into the cloak. Then he and the 
other two slipped out of the cloak and up the 
corridor. 

“Are you going to tell me what happened?” demanded 
the balding man. 

“Got to, mate,” said Harry. “Told her I didn’t 
want no one else to know. But she won’t tell me 
what we can and can’t have done. All I know is, 
she was right, I didn’t try to stop the Death Eaters 
anything, and now — ” 

“No one needs to know,” said the balding man. 

“Listen, Harry,” said the man, his eyes now 
twinkling, “any of you who know how the Cloak 
works can explain how it connects to the will on 
which Voldemort was relying. You know as I do 
that the Cloak acts as a Disillusionment Charm, it 
keeps you out of someone else’s mind, it’s all 
understood, you just need to have looked at the 
will and know where he hid it. But I’m afraid 
that won’t do, unless you can explain how you got 
it.” 



Page | 114 



Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




Harry was not sure what was to be done, but he 
had to go. 

“Very well,” said the man, “I will take your word for it 
that you gave the Cloak to Voldemort. Then I shall 
consider the evidence.” 

He reached into the man’s hand and took out a 
suit of emerald velvet. The man grunted and 
turned away without another word. 

The next few days were some of Harry’s worst at 
Hogwarts. The staff and students were talking about 
the next time he would see them, and he heard 
many whispering about the next time he would go 
back to Hogwarts. He and Hermione were both 
thinking about leaving too. He knew that she thought 
it was the right thing to do and was glad to be 
protesting against her — but he was horrified to see 
how much her influence, and how much her fear, 
made her willing to go to such lengths to protect 
her friends. Harry’s feelings toward Hermione were 
nowhere near as strong as they could have been, 
and yet he could not think of anyone who had 
ever been less willing to stand up to him, or more 
desperate to do so. He could not even think of anyone 
====================
I always knew Dumbledore was an old fool, but 
what on earth’s he doing? Why did he send for me, if he 
thought I was going to try and kill him off?” 

“What’s the matter?” said Hermione, looking 
thoroughly perplexed. 

“He thinks I’m going to try and kill him,” said 
Harry. “He thinks I’m trying to take over the 
Order.” 

“But we don’t need an Order to work — ” 

“I’m sorry, but that’s the point, isn’t it?” said 
Harry. “We don’t need an Order to do anything. 

Why don’t we just have the police do it?” 

“But that would be impossible, of course,” said 
Hermione. “The Ministry would be perfectly happy 
if you just disappeared right under their noses.” 

Page | 663 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“Of course I wouldn’t,” said Harry. “I’d rather it was 
me doing the fighting instead of him, that way I’ve got 
the chance to use all my powers more effectively.” 

“But you’ve got to do the fighting?” 

“No, I can’t Order yet, I haven’t got the authority. 
But I think I can apply for a new Office of 
Services, and that would be where I start — ” 

“What Office?” 

“The one I was on when you left me in the car,” 
said Harry. “The one I was Head of the Department 
of Mysteries.” 

There was a pause in which Dumbledore stared at 
him, apparently considering him. Then he said, “Yes, 
that’s right. You’ll have the power to come and go, 
Harry. You’ll have your own office, and I will be 
Page | 664 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




certainly more than he will be, because of what you 
have done.” 

“I don’t know who I am, I don’t know what I’m doing, 
and I don’t want to start now, it would take too long 
and I don’t want to waste it,” Dumbledore went on, 
and for the second time he looked at Harry. “Yes, 
Harry, I am sure you know better than I do, and so 
I say, Order of Merlin, I am going to keep you 
safe while you wait for the Ministry to sort out 
what happened.” 

“I — I don’t — ” 

“What you need, Harry, is someone who is trusted. A 
friend who trusts you, and who can reassure 
you that I will do it for you. A friend who can 
make it happen, a friend who can keep your 
orders straight. A friend who is honestly in the 
worke if you will not be frightened. A friend who can 
make sure you are taken care of, while you wait 
for the Ministry to sort out its mess. A friend 
who is really up to no good, who has been 
conned.” 

Dumbledore drew a deep breath as though to 
force himself through a tough subject. 

"... and I am sorry to say, Harry, but that friend of 
your whose name I would like to use — ” 

“What?” 

“ — has decided to change his mind, and I must 
admit that I have been surprised, I had hoped that 
this would happen, that he would simply give in. 
Certainly, he has chosen to remain in Lord 
Voldemort’s employ, and that friend of his must 
be as good a friend as I have ever had. I wish him all 

Page | 665 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




well, and I hope he will not be tempted to do 
something foolish.” 

“I —
====================
The 
Dursleys are a highly dysfunctional, dysfunctional family, and 
it would be remiss to deny them a helping of 
confidence. Dudley is a bad egg, Harry has had to 
tell him so many times that he can tell which of 
the Dursleys he is talking about without 
even noticing. 

Page | 48 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Dudley has beaten Harry badly at Quidditch 
tournament matches, losing by an hour—he is a 
fool) and has failed to win any medal. As for 
Ron, he has been eliminated from the tournament three 
times. He has also ruined any chance Harry might 
have had of meeting Hermione by vanishing from 
the house, never mind telling her that he thinks she 
is his godmother. 

“You know, if he hadn’t been such a letch — ” said 
Ron, looking slightly less grim. 

They had reached the foot of the marble staircase 
and were climbing the ladder into the next 
dungeon. The corridor was empty except for a small 
crowd of people who had gathered around the 
calloused hands of Professor McGonagall. They 
were talking quietly together, making their way 
up to the seventh floor, when Harry suddenly 
turned up. 

“Hello,” he said. “What are you all up to?” 

“More or less what we wanted to talk about,” said 
Professor McGonagall, waving her wand and 
forcing the crowd to disperse. “I’ve told you all 
that will be happening tonight. Tonight,” she 
added, rounding on Harry, “you are not to go 
near the fountain. Miss Granger, you will leave the 
grounds.” 

Harry ignored this. He felt like a slightly nervous 
teenager; maybe he was a bit overawed by the 
storm of publicity that had flown around him, maybe 
it had taken his breath away. 

“Right then,” Professor McGonagall said, smiling, “let’s see 
you all in this class. I shall act as your teacher.” 



Page | 49 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




And she strode off toward the doors into the 
dungeon. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up at once, looking 
happier than they had done throughout their 
lessons, and together they stood up to leave. 

“I think I’ve given a good lesson,” said Professor 
McGonagall, closing the door quietly behind them and 
walking through the throng. “Now, when you turn 
Page | 50 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




round, take a good look at the schedule to which 
you are all being subjected. I am not talking about 
nutter exercises or tests; just a little bit of 
stuff about how long it takes to make a potion or 
whatnot. I am talking about your detentions, Miss 
Granger. They will be brief — just a bit longer, 
you know — and then you will have to answer 
the questions correctly.” 

Professor McGonagall turned back into the 
calloused walls of the dungeon. People jostled 
them as they passed, hurrying to get a good look at 
Harry, who waved good night and hurried off to 
the window to wait for the crowd to take a 
turn. It did not come, though — for about half an 
hour at least, he was merely passing through 
more doors, some of them locked, while the crowd 
swelled to include several very old witches and 
wizards, who were talking quietly and 
exchanging gossip. He wondered whether the crowd 
was nervous; if he were not careful, he might lose his 
head. ... 

He had forgotten what it felt like to be a school 
teacher, or at least something that was vaguely 
human. He and Ron had spent a lot of time discussing 
the future of Hogwarts; Hermione had made it 
seemingly clear that she thought it would be a 
wonderful place to live. 

Page | 51 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“I expect the first thing we will do is convert
====================
“I am going to see what they can do,” said Professor 
McGonagall. “I must be one hundred and ninety-four 
feet tall. ...” 

“I am, Minerva,” said Dumbledore. 

“Well, I think,” said Professor McGonagall. “I think 
you will find that much more difficult if you are taller than 
I am.” 

“Well, I am,” said Dumbledore. 

Professor McGonagall lowered her hands slightly 
indistinctively and raised them into the air again. 

“Well, I am sorry, Minerva,” she said. “I always 
pretend I am taller.” 

“Well, you are not mistaken,” said Professor 
Dumbledore. “The common room is overflowing 
with people this evening.” 

“What sort of party are we having?” said Harry 
curiously. 

“That’s not the point,” said Professor McGonagall, 
and she looked startled. “I mean, the big news this 

Page | 451 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




night is that the Triwizard Tournament will be 
ceiling.” 

“The what?” 

“The new age limit for wizards is collapsing,” 
said Professor McGonagall. “Too many ages have 
been competing, not all of them honorable, 
and it’s getting out of hand. We must do what 
is right, Dumbledore will insist on it. But we must 
do it quickly, Minerva, because there are a 
number of important subjects we must cover 
before we can be sure that nobody has tampered 
with our boards.” 

“But those subjects,” said Harry impatiently, “they’ll 
include — ” 

“Do you think I can find a subject for the Triwizard 
Tournament?” said Professor McGonagall, a 
slightly twisted smile. “The Goblet of Fire, after all. 
There’s a lot to choose from. You don’t want to go 
sporting any of our subjects too badly, you know, 
do you?” 

“No,” said Harry. 

“Well then, I suppose you could say that I picked the 
subjects just because I was bored,” said Professor 
McGonagall, a little irritably. “I think it would be 
excellent for a serious business discussion, 
Professor.” 

“That’s a bit odd,” said Harry. He had just remembered 
that he had not asked Professor Dumbledore whether 
he could have a say in the subject of the Goblet of 
Fire, but Professor McGonagall simply looked at him 
as though she knew perfectly well he wanted to know 
how he did. 

“Is it okay if I ask you questions?” he asked. 

“Certainly not,” she said, with a hint of impatience. 

“You want to know how we got here, and why we’re 
wanting to go to Hogwarts?” 



Page | 452 



Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




“Oh, right. Well, you know all about the Triwizard 
Tournament?” 

“No,” said Harry. “No, I only met Ron and Hermione 
and Dee yesterday.” 

“Oh!” said Professor McGonagall, her cheeks pink 
and her eyes popping. “Oh, you know — the two I 
m-Met last time — ” 

“What?” said Harry. 

“The two I’m-Met?' shouted Professor McGonagall, 
her cheeks reddening, her voice rising quickly. “Oh, I 
thought you were going to tell me how you found 
us!” 

“Oh, no, of course not!” said Harry, his cheeks 
throbbing with embarrassment as he remembered. 

“Oh, all right then,” said Professor McGonagall, 

====================
“I don’t believe it,” she said. “We are in danger. I am frightened of 
what we are facing.” 

“But — ” 

“In the same way,” she said. “You need to choose your 
path. You need to understand what the danger is 
before you can choose your course. You are dealing, 

Page | 631 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




you are not dealing with an enemy, you are dealing 
with a friend.” 

“Yeah, I — ” 

“You are dealing with a friend, and I can help you 
with that,” said Dumbledore. “And I think that we 
must agree that it is unwise to take your friend 
too seriously. Harry, I am sure you will accept 
that I am underestimating you, but only because you 
are no more dangerous to me than Sirius.” 

“I don’t — ” 

“I think you may be a little bit like Sirius, Harry. I think 
you are right. I think you are right about this, too. 

You know what I mean.” 

“Come off it, then,” he said. “You don’t think I’m 
right, then?” 

“No,” said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. 
“You see, Harry? This is a matter of perspective. The 
Death Eaters are not going to attack the people we 
mentioned tonight. They are determined to make 
sure that nobody is left in mortal danger. They will not 
care about killing you, though. That is their goal. 
They seek a world in which all are safe and 
proud.” 

“They seek what?” 

“They seek the destruction of the false gods,” said 
Dumbledore. “They seek the destruction of what they call 

Page | 632 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




godlike beings. They seek the destruction of the 
Parselmouth, the removal of the Cloak, and the 
Conjunction of the Use of an Unapproved 
Apparition Charm.” 

“So,” Harry repeated, watching Dumbledore now 
drawing a deep breath, “you see ... I’m right. ...” 

“And I’m wrong,” said Dumbledore. “Yes, Harry, we both 
understand. You are — are you?” 

“Yes, I am.” 

“Then we need a little more convincing,” said 
Dumbledore. “You have our word that we will be 
truthful and not foolhardy?” 

“We can’t be sure,” said Harry. “That’s our 
guarantee.” 

“Then we must do your calculations, Harry,” said 
Dumbledore, and his voice was higher and more 
clear than ever before. “You have already done them, 
you know, in our History of Magic class. We are not 
far from the destination — the one we are all 
seeking.” 

“I know,” said Harry, whose eyes were popping with 
sorrowful amusement. “Well, I’m off to find the — the 
— the — Dumbledore!” 

But he was distracted by something else, something more 
amusing: the way the tall black-haired witch in 
Witchcraft and Wizardry was talking. 

“The — the wizard?” 

“Yes,” said Dumbledore. “But not now.” 



Page | 633 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




He turned to face Harry, who was looking from his 
wand to Dumbledore, to his shield-tipped fingers 
twisting in the air. 



“Let me — ” 



“Do not speak to me about Dark matters to the 
Ministers of Magic!” 

“But you’re — ” 

“I’m not trying to
====================
Page | 521 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“I daresay you’ll be able to find a way through, won’t 
you?” 

“What daresay?” 

“Dumbledore trusts me. I’m sure of it.” 

“Oh, Dumbledore!” 

“I trust you too — very much,” said the man, and 
Harry took a step closer. “There, there, now — ” 

He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking. 

“ — the Cloak, yes,” said Dumbledore, and he pointed 
with his thumb toward the corner of the circle. 

“I wonder what you can tell us about the other Horcruxes?” 

“Can we get rid of them?” 

“No — but we can destroy them,” said Dumbledore. 

“Why?” 

“I believe that the other Horcruxes are hidden, perhaps 
hidden beneath the most dangerous of our enemies — 
the Death Eaters.” 

“But we can destroy them?” asked Harry. “And how are we going 
to find them?” 

“Perhaps you are considering using the Cloak?” 

Page | 522 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“If it is, then I would not advise — ” 

“ — it would be foolish to do so,” said Dumbledore. 

“But we don’t need the Cloak,” Harry pressed him. 

“I know that you are prepared to use it, Harry,” said 
Dumbledore, and Harry felt his confidence increase. 

“So why the Cloak?” 

“I believe that we are protecting more than you can 
possibly know,” said Dumbledore. “I believe that it is 
the duty of every Hogwarts student to defend 
themselves, and to be alert to the dangers 
present in and around their schools. I believe that 
the Cloak — which, as you will see, is made of 
various materials, including human skin — gives the 
student great comfort.” 

“What d’you mean?” 

“The Cloak, as you know, is a symbol of unity, of 
connection, of belonging. It is the symbol of power, of 
friendship, of confidence. It is the cloak you will be 
using this year, Harry. And so it is that we will be 
joining forces this year, not only to defend 
your school, but to forge bonds of friendship between 
the students of different schools. 

“So, Harry,” said Dumbledore, after a moment or 
two, “last year, you won’t be wearing the cloak?” 

“No,” said Harry, smiling, because it was more 
meaningful to say nothing than “yes” to Dumbledore’s 
words than to have them repeated, and yet his 
heart was beating very fast. 

“This year,” Dumbledore went on, “you will be 
wearing the cloak, and so will I. I know that it is the 
most comfortable and stylish of your school robes, and 
the symbol of Slytherin. I do not ask you to identify the 
skinny cousin who will be bearing the banner of 
the Dark Lord over these years. But I ask you to 

Page | 523 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




stand guard, Harry, forever. Always.” 



Harry nodded. 

“I am your enemy, and you must never forget that.” 

Dumbledore walked away, and Harry was on his 
feet once more, but this time he had no desire 
to run. He simply followed Dumbledore, and 
as they turned into the entrance hall he saw something 
quite different. 

A hundred portraits of Slytherin House were lining the 
entrance hall, each of them a little different. In 

curved patterns, they stood in rows, seemingly to form a 
wall. Harry wondered, for a moment, whether 
Dumbledore had told them to form
====================
“But this is ... this is a joke!” said Harry angrily. “You 
could say anything you like about it, I’m sure 
you can say anything you like about it, but a joke 
— you can’t call it that!” 

“Don’t be silly,” snapped the other. “If you’ve got a 
niffler, Harry, you can call it anything you like — ” 

“I don’t care,” said Harry, “I don’t want to hear 
anything you’ve got to put in there — ” 

“Not my fault,” said the other. “You haven’t got a 
niffler.” 

“I don’t know,” said Harry, still angry, but not quite as 
irritated. 

“I expect you’ll understand, then, if I don’t say 
anything,” said the other. “If I do anything, if I give 
you detention, something’s gone wrong with the 
letter.” 

Page | 426 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“It’s not the answer I want,” said Harry. “I want to 
know why it’s happening, and how to fix it so 
that it doesn’t happen again.” 

“You want to know about dementors, then?” 

“Well — they can transform, can’t they? They look 
almost as bad as people who are possessed, they 
transform at will ... but they are dangerous too. 
They can cause madness, they can cause 
disorientation, they can cause — ?” 

“ — memory loss,” said Harry. 

“ — just cause they fall off the face of the Earth, yeah, 
they can!” 

“But — ” 

“Don’t be so ridiculous,” said Harry, “if it was just a 
difference in the strength of the curse — if you wanted 
to test it on yourself, you could do it under my 
pants, couldn’t you?” 

“I’m not trying to test myself on myself,” said Harry. 

“Well, like I say, with a powerful wizard like you, you 
can’t be completely sure, can you?” 

“Yeah, I’m not trying to be proved wrong,” said Harry, 
shaking his head. “But if you’re going to use a 
dementor to break your way through a door, you’re 
heading for disaster, just like they did with me.” 

“You’re going to stick to the plan, are you?” 

“Yehh will, I’m not asking you to keep me here forever! 



Page | 427 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling 




“Just because I’m not going to use a spell to get out of 
here 

doesn’t mean I can’t still use a curse to get past a 
dementor — ” 

“That’s right, it’s the same as asking me to carry a 
dementor to the moon!” 

“You think you know better than I do, then?” 

“ Yeah, I do, but — ” 

“ — you’ve got to finish the job, Harry!” 

“I’m not asking you to do it!” 

“I’ve been doing it for years, remember?” 

“Yeah, but if I need to use a spell to get past a 
dementor — ” 

“The only reason you’re not winning is because you 
used a superior curse.” 

“Yeah, but you’re not putting it past me!” 

“I’m the best Defense Against the Dark Arts 
teacher in the school, Harry!” 

�
====================
“I will take your word for it, Verity,” said Moody, “but 
be warned, Potter. The Ministry is still looking for 
several students who may have broken into the 
Academy. I will be checking your reports to make sure 
you are on the safe side.” 

Moody turned back to Flitwick, who was now 
sitting on one of the couches with her back to him. 

“So, Potter ... what can I say? You’ve got a badge?” 

“A what?” said Harry. 

“A Veritaserum,” said Moody, with an air of 
exaggeration. “A badge — and you’ll have it back, 
Potter. If you’re not feeling up to a thorough explanation, 
well, we’ll do that, shall we?” 

He turned to Hermione. 

“What do you think about this, Granger?” 

“I think it’s brilliant!” said Hermione eagerly; 
her excitement could not be doubted. 

Page | 260 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




“But I also think there’s a problem with it,” said 
Moody. “If you’re going to wear it, and you’ve got 
the pastel pink ribbon around it, everyone will 
think you’re wearing it in a way that shows off a 
good bit of your face. It could lead to a 
contamination — ” 

“Absolutely,” said Hermione at once. “I don’t 
think there should be such things, it just — ” 

“Potter, you know what?” roared Moody. “I think a 
very handsome boy like you ought to be covered in 
something other than paint,” he added, and 
Everyone Suffocated Screams and Exclamations 
arrived, all around Hermione, who looked overwhelmed. 

“Oh, Harry!” 

“You was being a bit unfair, Moody,” Hermione 
shouted. “You just don’t like the Gryffindors 
much either.” 

“I don’t like anyone at all,” said Harry flatly. 

Moody took an extra long draw and blew the trumpet 
aside. The atmosphere changed. Now everyone was 
standing up and turning to watch Moody’s next 
movement — he had just shown the pink ribbon 
to Ron and Hermione. 

“Reverse it,” said Moody as he flicked his wand. 

A silver net fell across Ron’s back, and he was 
attempting to pull it off with his wand. 

“Moody!” shrieked Professor McGonagall. “Moody! 
Moody!” 

She pointed her wand at him and he flew off 
through the air toward the castle. 

Page | 261 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling 




“Harry Potter,” McGonagall called loudly over the 
howling wind, “Reverse it, Potter!” 

“No!” shouted Professor McGonagall. 

She had pulled off the ribbon covering his badge and 
he had flown straight through it, his hair 
rattling and his robes ruffling as he rose through 
the air. 

“Reverse it and go!” she cried. 

He had no choice but to fly through the air with his 
arms bent at a terrible angle, his head banging 
against the castle wall. 

“Reverse it!” she shouted, and wind whistled through 
the gaps in the castle ceiling. “Moody!” 

He had no choice but to fly through the air again, 
his head banging horribly, and the sound of the 
wind whistling through the gaps in the ceiling 
trailed him. He was flying through nothing, but 
the wind was stronger than ever, and worse than 
ever. 

“Moody, stop it!” Professor McGonagall shouted, 
but he
====================
“No, Potter, we’re not,” said an angry voice. 

Page | 172Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




Professor McGonagall came striding toward them out of 
the crowd and said, “What is that you are talking 
about?” 

“We saw him, Professor,” said Harry, “with his mum 
and dad! We saw him right after — ” 

“Potter!” said Professor McGonagall impatiently. “Why don’t 
you tell them that, please?” 

“ — he asked me, Professor!” 

“Please, please, I need to speak to him — ” 

“ — and he asked me, Professor!” 

“Do you really think I don’t recognize a — a ‘Potter’ at 
all?” 

“Yes, I do!” 

“You’ve been looking very foolish!” 

“What nonsense!” 

“Potter, you know perfectly well who the people in the 
candle are!” 

“Fine!” said Professor McGonagall shrilly. “I’m 
with Professor Dumbledore!” 

“Who are you, then?” 

“I am a teacher appointed by the governors!” 

“Oh, come on!” said Professor McGonagall, 
prowling around a little nervously for a better 
look. “Look, he’s talking about closing the school 
— about closing it? He wants to get rid of 
some of our old pupils!” 

“Don’t go making things worse for him,” said 
Professor McGonagall, looking very shocked. “I’m 
with Dumbledore.” 



Page | 173Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




“Well,” said Harry, honestly, he did not know whether he 
was going to get an opinion from her or not, but he 
wanted to get her out of this at least. “I’m with 
Dumbledore, of course.” 

“You’re with him, because he wants to get rid of some 
of our old pupils?” 

“Look, he’s had it with the management, he wants to 
get rid of his old headmistress and he wants to 
get rid of his old potions master and he wants to 
get rid of the whole Ministry of Magic bureaucracy. 
And he’s given himself an ambitious new mission — to 
find out how much the Ministry of Magic is paying 
in taxes and, well, I couldn’t be more delighted if he 
broke the whole thing wide open and told us all how 
much he makes!” 

“But — Professor,” said Harry quickly, “Professor 
Dumbledore says the Ministry of Magic is — ” 

“Hear, hear!” said Professor McGonagall in a 
burst of fire. 

“Yes, it’s all right,” said Harry, in relief, but she 
continued to look suspiciously at him. Finally she 
said, “And this is supposed to be just a friendly 
joke between us, Potter?” 

“No, we’re serious,” said Harry quickly, and she 
hoisted her handbag so quickly that it hit the 
ceiling. 

“Potter, we don’t know whether you’re going to come 
to Hogwarts or not,” Professor McGonagall 
continued briskly. “You could be expelled for 
whatever reason, you could lose your head.” 

Page | 174Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling 




Harry understood instantly. He had just seen her 
evaluate him as she walked away. He made a 
quick decision, and he presented him with an 
Acceptable’ badge on top of his Gryffindor uniform. 

“Thank you so much,” Professor McGonagall said, as 
she left the staffroom.
====================
